docs: add some docs and move all faq into the support.md (#107)
Manjaro-Sway/manjaro-sway: SUPPORT.md

```
cp -rf /etc/skel/.config/* ~/.config
```

keep in mind that this could cause problems with customizations you made. backup!

### why are pacman downloads so slow?

fasttrack mirrors: `sudo pacman-mirrors --geoip && sudo pacman -Syyu`

### why does pacman complain about an unknown public key for manjaro-sway?

the public key used to sign our package repo is not yet inside the manjaro keyring. until we are, allow our key manually:

```
pacman-key --keyserver keys.openpgp.org --recv-key A44C644D792767CED7941AFEABB2075D5F310CF8
```

### how can I update the manjaro-sway-settings package (and all other packages from manjaro-sway)?

just prefix the repository: `pacman -S manjaro-sway/manjaro-sway-settings`

### why are your packages not in the regular manjaro repos?

we're working on it. submissions to them are partly manual and our signing key isn't yet officially part of the manjaro-keyring.

### how can I track updates?

major changes specific to this flavor of manjaro are mostly being done in the [desktop-settings repo](https://github.com/Manjaro-Sway/desktop-settings).

## customizing

### how can I customize sway without loosing my customizations after an upgrade?

> you can easily add more sway configuration inside `~/.config/sway/config.d/`. please refer to the [arch wiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Sway#Keymap) and the [sway wiki](https://github.com/swaywm/sway/wiki) for lots of ideas and hints.

Reviewer: Probably better without the anchor to  the keymap section
```suggestion
you can easily add more sway configuration inside `~/.config/sway/config.d/`. please refer to the [arch wiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Sway) and the [sway wiki](https://github.com/swaywm/sway/wiki) for lots of ideas and hints.
```

## setup and configuration

### how can I enable screen-share in chromium(-alike) browsers?

> enable [this flag](chrome://flags/#enable-webrtc-pipewire-capturer)

Author: ```suggestion
enable `chrome://flags/#enable-webrtc-pipewire-capturer`
```

While it seems to work out of the box in some kvm/qemu environments (Gnome Boxes seems to work), you need to enable 3D acceleration in most of them. Refer [here](https://github.com/Manjaro-Sway/manjaro-sway/issues/56) for further information and feedback.

### how can I use the amazing mps-youtube?

[set your own api key in mps-youtube](https://github.com/mps-youtube/mps-youtube/wiki/Troubleshooting#youtube-error-403-the-request-cannot-be-completed-because-you-have-exceeded-your-quota)

### how do I get an active bluetooth after login?

auto enable bluetooth on boot: `echo "AutoEnable=true" >> /etc/bluetooth/main.conf`

### how can I add more keyboard layouts to sway?

if you have a keyboard layout other then basic `us`, [add your keyboard settings](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Sway#Keymap) to a userspace configuration file (e.g. `~/.config/sway/config.d/01-keyboard.conf`).

### why doesn't it start with nvidia drivers?

[perhaps you're using the proprietary ones](https://github.com/swaywm/sway/issues/490).

### how do I disable the window focus flashing animation?

```
pacman -R flashfocus
```

### why do my keyboard settings from the installer have no effect?

> sway is doing keyboard settings using xkb not supported by the manjaro installer. please refer [here](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Sway#Keymap) for help.

Reviewer: It isn't very clear whether sway or installer doesn't support/uses xkb
```suggestion
Manjaro installer controls keyboard settings using xkb, sway doesn't support it. Please refer [here](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Sway#Keymap) for help.
```

# FAQ

## how can I list the predefined shortcuts?

you can reach a quick introduction pressing `Super + Shift + ?`

## how do I upgrade the ~/.config after an update?

> after upgrading packages, you will sometimes need to update you skeleton:

Reviewer: s/you/your

Author: ```suggestion
after upgrading packages, you will sometimes need to update your skeleton:
```

```
cp -rf /etc/skel/.config/* ~/.config
```

keep in mind that this could cause problems with customizations you made. backup!

## why does pacman complain about an unknown public key for manjaro-sway?

the public key used to sign our package repo is not yet inside the manjaro keyring. until we are, allow our key manually:

```
pacman-key --keyserver keys.openpgp.org --recv-key A44C644D792767CED7941AFEABB2075D5F310CF8
```

> ## how can I customize sway without loosing my customizations after an upgrade?

Reviewer: s/loosing/losing/
Had to [google](https://www.quora.com/Which-is-correct-loosing-or-losing?share=1) that, because I wasn't sure either

you can easily add more sway configuration inside `~/.config/sway/config.d/`. please refer to the [arch wiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Sway#Keymap) and the [sway wiki](https://github.com/swaywm/sway/wiki) for lots of ideas and hints.

## how can I log in inside a virtual machine?

While it seems to work out of the box in some kvm/qemu environments (Gnome Boxes seems to work), you need to enable 3D acceleration in most of them. Refer [here](https://github.com/Manjaro-Sway/manjaro-sway/issues/56) for further information and feedback.

## how do I make chromium use native window decorations (mostly: none)?

![chromium](docs/_includes/chromium.png?raw=true)

## how can I enable screen-share in chromium(-alike) browsers?

> enable [this flag] (chrome://flags/#enable-webrtc-pipewire-capturer)(`chrome://flags/#enable-webrtc-pipewire-capturer`)

Reviewer: Because of the space between [] and () link isn't clickable

Author: ```suggestion
enable [this flag](chrome://flags/#enable-webrtc-pipewire-capturer)
```
